first time at epic hundred guys think
500 cars normally for four and a half
hours I think I nearly took a serving us
haven't seen that much sand ever thing I
think we were all we walked most the
most of the course I don't mind riding
my bike just gonna have to get up from
the bed stuff was such a hard day I mean
I've done every single epic and to me
that was one of the toughest days I've
ever done there was just so much sad
just so much walking and cheese besides
as well today in the first 18 case it
was quite a treacherous Daniel my
partner had a bump and buckle this
entire wheel broke his handlebar and
came off rather hard we had to run for
about 10 k's off to that we had among
three flat tire had to stop ball away so
was a pretty tough day actually it was a
little bit harder than I expected thank
you we had again many sections to walk
because it was impossible to ride the
st. was so deep and unrideable they told
us there was a top one like a sandy won
over a lot of walking and tough parts
like pushing into the center but
actually was good because we just had
our speed we were way finding the back
then in the decent we were way faster
and in the last section in the sand you
know we still some energy we could still
push that's the reason why India anyone
pretty good i mean i'm super satisfied
we missed the snow from switzerland and
now we found sanded it was a the same no
track shoes work a lot so very tough
today atlanta it'll work with a pc bike
before vote that we came to ride but
after this we
it was okay ah you know that's routine I
mean I hate running but I have no other
chance then to do it and yeah you know
you just have to switch off your brain
and just run I feel look I've done motor
racing and we train hot today we thought
you done enough you come off our main
base and promotes bias and all of that
stuff and you think your hero come here
that's a little thing and got see
Vanessa yeah it's uh this is this is
surreal mccray please in our game here
and then I short rest some people might
under train I don't get it over time for
some like those excesses even though
it's expect always a little chicken on
the corner like today and all the sand
and the climbing in the walking and
stuff oh my god we don't have heels all
fled so when you come in Cape Town very
difficult for us to keep up with the
guys you know what I always say it's
this or anyone else so if they can do it
we can do it I mean lost ya once I hope
you're not cheese I'm gonna done and
Nick you know get a look like cuz that's
gonna die so good laughs cousin doesn't
piss off this carrion we're rookies and
everything is new for us and we're color
still every day we're collecting
experience and we hope that we gonna do
well do you hope it did we continue like
this and having fun like this and then I
think we're gonna have a great week with
Michael you didn't come here for a
picnic no and I can get a picnic I think
today was probably the hardest day off
the mountain bike sees our walk I should
have lube my knees not my shorts cuz my
knees are taking that's how much walking
with it tough day today far too much sin
but but the worst is behind us I don't
think is good
without a doubt today is not indicative
of what you have to expect over the six
remaining days but the one thing that I
can assure you I know you're going to
think it through because then you
realize oh my goodness we did survive
today so nothing dr. evil throws at us
now is chemically worse I know you so
right i mean this is the toughest it's
got dr. evil come on this is the best
you can do ah we had haha thank you
Michael well when I derailleur 88 into
our spoke so we have no derailleur to
run for 3 or 4 k's not just saw exactly
to get to a mechanic took about 35 40
minutes to get it fixed so that changed
the whole game class from finishing
relatively comfortably to finishing in
the last few seconds and I've never ever
been on a course of time I says
you